Then you might think that's a bit
of a laissez-faire attitude for
creating your sub navigation and
organizing stuff.
But I will often do a tree testing
exercise after I've got my information
architecture for my app with all
the different features and functionality.
And a tree testing exercise
basically looks something like this.
So you create a task where you say, where
would you find information relating to so
and so, or
where would you complete this task?
And then they can navigate through
the hierarchy until they find the page
where they think it would be, or
the screen where it would be.
And I can then see whether people
are navigating to the right place.
In terms of obviously those,
you can't test absolutely everything
in your app like that, any more than
about ten tests and people start getting
peed off and not wanting to do them.
So the things that I tend to test is
anything that had a really low agreement
score.
In other words, in the card sorting,
they weren't sure where to place it,
I tend to test that with tree testing.
Anything that got put into not sure
with a very high percentage of
people putting it into not sure,
I make sure that I test those.
And then finally, if you've got one of
your top tasks that you identified,
and you've ended up burying it in
your information architecture, for
whatever reason.
Then I try and test those as well to make
sure they can find them cuz we don't wanna
make people struggle to find top tasks.
To create a top tree test,
it's really super simple.
You click on Add a New Tree Test,
wow, that blows your mind.
You give your test a title,
you give what is you want people to do.
And then you describe where it is
on the hierarchy, on the site and
stuff like that.
You don't need to watch that video,
you get the idea and
you can play around with the app yourself.
It's got a free tier on it, so it won't
cost you anything to give it a go.
When you get results back, they look
something like this on your tree testing.
And your success score is the key
metric that you wanna look at.
So how many people have successfully found
where that task is on the application?
But it's also useful to look at
how directly they did that, right?
And if they didn't get it right
where they ended up, right,
because oftentimes a bit crosslinking
can fix the problem if you need to.
And also I quite like to look at how
long it took them to do it as well.
Cuz if it's taking them a long time,
then you've got some changes to make and
fiddle around with that.
So information architecture is a thing
that's often not given enough attention in
my opinion within product design.
But if there's a problem, you can either
move the thing to a different section,
or you can just cross-link to it.
So there's a little bit around kind
of information architecture and
how I work with that.
And particularly around top tasks,
that's the big one.
When it comes to an application,
you need to know which tasks
are most important to people.
So you wanna identify your top tasks and
then organize them with
some open card sorting.
Check the tiny tasks supported by your new
information architecture with your closed
card sorting, and
then finally use some tree testing to
confirm that everything's working.
So normally, before I even jump
into Figma, or do any prototyping,
I tend to start with that.
Because if I can get that right,
I at least know that people can find
the functionality within the app, and
that's often half the battle, yes?
>> I guess one year we
did a general survey and
then we took the top features,
and then we basically,
sort these features based on
what you wanted as a community.
And that was really interesting
to see kinda at a high level,
where users thought that
the priority should be.
We didn't end up following it exactly,
but still, it was very helpful to-
>> That's top task analysis.
You've done exactly it.
And yeah, you're right,
you shouldn't blindly follow it.
Because there are other considerations,
there are business considerations,
there are time and
effort that goes into it.
But just knowing what those main
things that people care about is so,
so important.
So yeah, that's really good.
>> We just had a discussion kinda
around feedback and triaging feedback,
and how certain companies will search
Reddit and find users complaining
about certain things and then fix it and-
>> Yeah.
>> They wouldn't
necessarily rely on voting,
they would just see social as a indicator.
>> Yeah.
>> We definitely do that up Frontend
Masters as well, every day I'm searching
across all the socials and seeing.
>> Yeah.
>> Trying to find the actual
criticism because-
>> Absolutely.
For me, the way that I operate in that is,
that's fed into the list of
that backlog I talked about.
And those things would get pointed and
then go
into the backlog into that optimization
stream of where we can make improvements.
So that's kind of how I deal with them but
absolutely, it's definitely worth doing.
There is some good apps for that, which I
touch on on the other course, which is,
if you have a big idea for an app,
how do you go about developing the app?
One of the things I mentioned and
that is apps called Mention and BuzzSumo,
which are really good for kind of knowing
problems with your competitors apps.
And finding out what people are moaning
about them, but you could use it for
that social media monitoring as well.
Very cool.
>> People are really surprised if I
respond to it with my personal account or
something.
>> Yeah.
>> I always respond with
a business account.
If it's just something, hey,
totally understand we're
working on this or whatever.
>> And people really appreciate,
I know I do.
If you suddenly get you've
had a bit of a moan online,
I don't like it when it's like you get
this message back from support saying,
we're really sorry you feel unhappy about
this, please DM us with your complaint.
I mean, I don't know, but to be reached
out by someone that actually works on it,
and he's genuinely a human person, and
he's taken an interest, that's amazing.
That's really really good and
definitely worth doing, so yeah.